[14.0][ADD] stock_picking_purchase_order_alert (#1913)
OCA/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_picking_purchase_order_alert/readme/USAGE.rst

To configure the alert threshold:

> #. Go to *Purchases > Configuration > Settings*
> #. First, enable the "Display Quantity Alert Percentage" option
> #. Set your desired threshold percentage (default is 30%)
> #. Click *Save*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to *Inventory > Configuration > Operation Types*
#. First, enable the "Display Quantity Alert" option
#. Set your desired threshold percentage (default is 30%)
#. You may optionally specify groups permitted to bypass the alert. If no groups are defined, the alert can be bypassed by any user.
#. Click *Save*
```

To use the module:

#. Create a purchase order and confirm it
#. When receiving products in the generated receipt:
   * If the quantity being received exceeds the ordered quantity by more than the configured threshold, a warning banner will appear above the product lines
   * The warning will show each product that exceeds the threshold, including the ordered quantity, received quantity, and excess percentage
   * The system will prevent validation of the receipt until the quantities are corrected to be within the acceptable threshold

How to handle quantities that exceed the threshold:

#. If the quantity is incorrect, adjust it to match the ordered quantity
#. If the quantity is correct and you need to accept it, you have two options:
   * Temporarily increase the threshold percentage in the settings
   * Temporarily disable the quantity alerts by unchecking "Display Quantity Alert Percentage"

>    * Change the quantity on the purchase line to match the receipt value

Reviewer: You should add the groups feature here

Author: Changes done
